EDU-12350: Headless CMS preview (#1285)
vtexdocs/dev-portal-content: docs/faststore/docs/headless-cms/1-configuring-the-vtex-account.mdx

1. In the VTEX Admin, access **Storefront > Headless CMS**. 
2. In the FastStore project interface, click on `Settings` (⚙️).
3. In **Settings**, click the `Build` tab.
4. Fill the **Preview URL** field with your live store URL. This URL activates the button on Headless CMS so you can preview the changes made on a page. 

    ```sh

>     https://{live-store-id}.vtex.app/api/preview

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    https://{liveStoreId}.vtex.app/api/preview
```

    ```

>     > ⚠️ Replace the values between curly brackets according to your [live store ID from WebOps](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/faststore/1-onboarding-dashboard#production-overview). To find the live store ID in, refer to the [Live store ID](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/faststore/1-onboarding-dashboard#live-store-id) instructions.

Author: ```suggestion
    > ⚠️ Replace the values between curly brackets according to your [live store ID from WebOps](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/faststore/1-onboarding-dashboard#production-overview). To find the live store ID in, refer to the [Live store ID](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/faststore/1-onboarding-dashboard#production-overview#live-store-id) instructions.
```

>   > Replace the values between curly brackets according to your [live store ID from WebOps](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/faststore/1-onboarding-dashboard#production-overview). You can find the live store ID in the VTEX Admin by accessing **Storefront > FastStore WebOps**. In the [**Production Overview**](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/faststore/1-onboarding-dashboard#production-overview) card, locate the **Live Store** URL. The live store ID is a combination of the store account name and the live store ID number, for example: `mystore-clwjc7fw200ay9qau1smn8i4l-21vm59f3q.b`. For this example, the Preview URL is the following: `https://mystore-clwjc7fw200ay9qau1smn8i4l-21vm59f3q.b.vtex.app/api/preview`.
> 

Author: ```suggestion
    > ⚠️ Replace the values between curly brackets according to your [live store ID from WebOps](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/faststore/1-onboarding-dashboard#production-overview). You can find the live store ID in the VTEX Admin by accessing **Storefront > FastStore WebOps**. In the [**Production Overview**](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/faststore/1-onboarding-dashboard#production-overview) card, locate the **Live Store** URL. The live store ID is a combination of the store account name and the live store ID number, for example: `mystore-clwjc7fw200ay9qau1smn8i4l-21vm59f3q.b`. For this example, the Preview URL is the following: `https://mystore-clwjc7fw200ay9qau1smn8i4l-21vm59f3q.b.vtex.app/api/preview`.

```

>     > ⚠️ Replace the values between curly brackets according to your [live store ID from WebOps](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/faststore/1-onboarding-dashboard#production-overview). You can find the live store ID in the VTEX Admin by accessing **Storefront > FastStore WebOps**. In the [**Production Overview**](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/faststore/1-onboarding-dashboard#production-overview) card, locate the **Live Store** URL. The live store ID is a combination of the store account name and the live store ID number, for example: `mystore-clwjc7fw200ay9qau1smn8i4l-21vm59f3q.b`. For this example, the Preview URL is the following: `https://mystore-clwjc7fw200ay9qau1smn8i4l-21vm59f3q.b.vtex.app/api/preview`.

Author: ```suggestion
    > ⚠️ Replace the values between curly brackets according to your [live store ID from WebOps](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/faststore/1-onboarding-dashboard#production-overview). To find the live store ID in, refer to the [Live store ID](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/faststore/1-onboarding-dashboard#live-store-id) instructions.
```

>     > ⚠️ Replace the values between curly brackets according to your [live store ID from WebOps](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/faststore/1-onboarding-dashboard#production-overview). You can find the live store ID in the VTEX Admin by accessing **Storefront > FastStore WebOps**. In the [**Production Overview**](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/faststore/1-onboarding-dashboard#production-overview) card, locate the **Live Store** URL. The live store ID is a combination of the store account name and the live store ID number, for example: `mystore-clwjc7fw200ay9qau1smn8i4l-21vm59f3q.b`. For this example, the Preview URL is the following: `https://mystore-clwjc7fw200ay9qau1smn8i4l-21vm59f3q.b.vtex.app/api/preview`.

Reviewer: Isso poderia ser um guia separado. Seria curtinho, mas não tem problema

8. Fill in the **Production base URL** field with your store's endpoint to preview changes in the Headless CMS before publishing them. _Replace the values between curly brackets according to your scenario._

    ```sh

>     https://{live-store-id}.vtex.app

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    https://{liveStoreId}.vtex.app
```
